Peppa, George and Granny Pig are
going out for a day on Grandpa Pig's boat.
Ahoy there! Peppa and George!
We are ready to go sailing.
I'll move the boat to a bit nearer.
Careful you
don't hit that big stick, grandpa!
That's a mooring post. I won't hit it.
Oh.
Grandpa, there's a big hole in your boat.
It's just a scratch.
Woo~ Grandpa's boat is sinking.
Quick, Grandpa Pig, jump off!
A captain never leaves his sinking ship.
Grandpa Pig's boat
has sunk to the bottom of the river.
It is Granddad Dog.
Woof! Ahoy there,
Grandpa Pig! Lovely day for a sail.
I'm...Yes, ahoy there!
I'm taking my boat to the boatyard today,
Going to get a few repairs done.
Would you mind taking
my boat to the boatyard, too? Please...
Of course.
Where is your boat?
Um...I'm standing on it.
Oho. Has it sunk?
Well, a little bit.
I'm surprised your
boat didn't sink a long time ago.
What?! It's a better
boat than that rust bucket of yours.
Woof! Woof! Woof!
Oink! Oink! Oink!
Grandpa Pig and
Granddad Dog are very best friends.
Catch this, captain!
Aye, aye! Skip up!
Granddad's truck has
lifted Grandpa Pig's boat out of the water.
Wow.
Next stop, the boatyard.
What's the boatyard?
A boatyard, Peppa,
is where broken boats get mended.
This is Grampy Rabbit's boatyard.
Ahoy there. Me hearties!
Ahoy there, Grampy Rabbit!
Woo, who did
that to your boat, Grandpa Pig?
Um...Someone
drove it into a mooring post.
It went rush and made a big hole there.
You should never let
other people steer your boat, Grandpa Pig.
Um... Yes, can you mend it?
Of course,
I just need to size up the damage.
Grampy Rabbit is
measuring the hole in Grandpa Pig's boat.
Now, I need to find
something to patch it up.
It must be good
to know how to mend a boat.
Oh, it takes years
to learn how to mend a boat.
How long have you been mending boats?
Years.
Grampy Rabbit has collected
lots of scrap metal to mend boats bit.
Now this is a gold mine.
It's a pile of rubbish!
But you can make
things from piles of rubbish.
Like what?
Like submarine!
Wow!
Grampy Rabbit has
made a submarine out of rubbish.
Does it actually work?
Watch this! It fills up
with water so it's very good at going down.
But not so good at coming back up.
Now this is what I've been looking for.
It's a washing machine.
It's the fix for
Grandpa Pig's boat is what it is.
You are going to mend my
boat with a bit of washing machine?
Yes!
That's as good as new!
Hooray!
Now we test it.
Prepare for launch!Aye, aye!
Amazing! It floats!
You sound surprised.
Yes, usually they sink on the first go.
Now we can go for our day on the river.
What a splendid idea.
This is the life out on a
boat with just the sea and the sky!
I know a song about the sea and the sky.
Do you want to hear it?
No, thank you.
Yes, please.
I got up this morning.
The sea was still there, so was the sky.
Hahahahaha.
I got up this morning.
The sea was still there,
So was the sky. The sea, the sky....